Brice  Aldrich

Hartford City, IN , United States
2605829842
baldrich@protonmail.com

Professional Summary

Lead Go Engineer and Backend Architect with 7 years of experience driving innovation across industries like 911 telecommunications, blockchain, transportation, finance and credit. Led multiples teams to develop secure, high-performance backend systems, related to identity, authentication/authorization, and finance. Interested in growth technologies and building production ready products from the ground up.

Skills

Go

Typescript

Swift

Javascript

Haskell

Python

Docker

Kubernetes

AWS EKS

AWS RDS

AWS IAM

AWS Elasticache

AWS SQS

AWS Route53

AWS SES

AWS ECR

AWS KMS

Mongo DB

Mongo DB Atlas

Twilio

Telesign

Git

Gitlab

Gitlab-CI

Helm

Terraform

Jenkins

Blockchain

GRPC

OAuth2

OIDC

WebAuthn

DPoP 

Cryptography

EntGo

Linux

MySQL

Postgres

Redis

Datadog

Grafana

Prometheus

Experience

April 2021 - Current

Equifax/Cognizant - Remote
Lead Go Engineer - Backend Architect

Ownership over several high profile projects around digital-identity, authentication, authorization, and tokens.
Ownership and lead engineer for Equifax's next generation digital-identity-service.
Ownership and lead engineer for Equifax's internal token issuance service. 
Ownership and lead engineer over  Equifax's  next generation authentication and authorization service. 
Ownership and lead over supporting customer facing SDKs.
Built many of these services from the ground up using technologies such as demonstrating proof of possession, webauthn, split tokens, and more.

May 2020 - April 2021

CamlCase Inc. - Remote
Senior Software Engineer and SRE Lead

Ownership over all infrastructure and SRE related projects.
Built and maintained CI/CD, EKS clusters, deployment environments, and utilities. 
Built infrastructure in a decentralized manner using smart contracts and IPFS.
Built several backend services related to analytics of a decentralized exchange using Go and Haskell. 
Ran stand ups and ticket organization and creation.

January 2020 - December 2021

Brice Aldrich Development LLC - Remote
Senior Go Engineer - GoTezos Library Owner

Built and maintained an open source library interfacing with the Tezos blockchain RPC in Go.
Built cryptographic functions to create wallets, sign operations, and verify operations. 
Built structures and tooling around reading blocks and smart contracts on the chain. 
Built batch payment tools to facilitate payments for proof of stake businesses. 
Built infrastructure related tooling to deploy a proof of stake operation. 
Ran a proof of stake service where at it's peak had several million in assets represented. 
Received a large grant to continue open source development over a year.

October 2019 - May 2020

OneCause - Indianapolis
Lead/Senior Go Engineer - Core Architecture

Built and maintained core Go libraries central to the microservices that facilitated payments. 
Built and maintained core Go libraries central to the microservices that facilitated donor auctions and billing. 
Advised and collaborated with the general architecture team aiding in decisions on over all product architecture. 
Worked with junior developers on progressing their skills and careers.

March 2019 - October 2019

Apple - Remote
Golang Security Engineer - Cloud Identity

Built and helped design apples internal authentication service similar to AWS IAM. 
Helped design policy based management solutions to authenticate internal apple customers into their kubernetes clusters and development environments. 
Helped build and design CLI utilities related to authentication and managing clusters. 
Used technologies such as oauth2, oidc, grpc, go, and opa. 

January 2019 - December 2019

Tezos Marigold - Remote
Part Time Software Engineer Contractor

Built and designed supporting development tooling around a higher level smart contract language called LIGO. 
Built syntax highlighting for the various forms of LIGO. 
Built a simple language server and vscode plugin for the various formats of LIGO. 
Tested LIGO as a language and deployed test smart contracts to the tezos blockchain.

November 2018 - March 2019

Transworks - Fort Wayne IN
Backend Go Engineer

Optimized existing Go code by introducing concurrency models. 
Optimized database queries using legacy technologies related to the railroad transportation industry.  
Implemented requested features end to end by collaborating with all team members. 
Helped facilitate project direction and manage service now.

May 2015 - November 2018

INdigital - Fort Wayne IN
Research And Development Engineer

Collaborate, design, and develop proof of concept technologies related to 911 telecommunications and routing. 
Build out developer tooling using virtualization and automation tools. 
Built protocol parsers for specific binary data formats and telecom related protocols. 
Built and improved existing systems related to routing. 
Helped with feature work and supporting tools related to text to 911 products.

Education

Purdue University - Fort Wayne Fort Wayne
Computer Science